shorter roads you asked for
design review what can I say
from improvised material collected here
such a thing the engine sawed head
3432 light bronze valves direct
camshaft niva light flywheel
chain tensioner
like the engine more bottom did not touch
non-standard so its from capital for
simple and all
turbine tkr 651 is placed on the bulls
with might and main such a technique is unwound
somewhere in 3000 goes on a boost gate
put pressure 0 5 bye for now
try we do not know yet what kind of mixture
what then sensors and gt mix quality
let us put will try to blow more
intercooler here is chinese
also what are the three tubes of the saucepan
pots too quickly made
to go clean
power economizer drive
of the modes from here and see there
where's the finger here is this economizer
power modes with a spring
pulled out itching from the choke
ream direktor and when it goes
inflated already 0102 there valve is pressed and
fuel is enriched
yes by ignition by ignition ignition
dual circuit electronic system
Ignition done by travnikov that is
two hall sensors two switches two
coil loan up to 406 somewhere about 20 years
there fucking can be seen that even a benz
gasoline supply
Volga remote fuel pump stood here
China fuel pressure regulator
accordingly, return flow 2 return flows were not
pulled with a standard tube gin
will open the lubrication of the turbine the lubrication of the turbine he
sensor visible sensor tee grease
times and the US turbine we blow and without
water cooling usual after words in
the trunk in the gas tank just hit another
one scooter to plum because this feed
from here pulls there through the pump on
the regulator on the horror controller interrupts
back here go show regulators
the regulator clocked more gasoline
here bye
in short it turns out the feed comes from
pump to the regulator in the regulator tube
feed cut costs a tee from this
tee that is here it is filing in
the regulator went and this one here is the hose 3
already in the carburetor on the carburetor
in the best return the best return well and
drain from the regulator so he plum went to drain
back it turns out here we connect
the regulator itself was connected to a small one
crankcase ventilation on
carburetor so he was addicted to
boost pressure i.e. if you
put in one position this is 05
for example to push it is
maximum performance regular
gasoline pump
then at idle it will overflow as well
obtained at atmospheric pressure
exposes that 05 connect to vacuum
start the car there is a springy delays
pressure that becomes the pressure gauge
at all we do not show pressure there
about the unit that something that is on
idle ok everything turns out 0 0
5005 inflatable respectively
pressurized increases and fuel pressure
on the carburetor so that on the other I do not give out
did not squeeze the fuel from the float
the camera was still a very important thing not in
plan to
but in terms of what when
let off the gas
the flap closes the turbine is spinning
pressure still goes to salt xe2
drainage holes right here from the top
parts go to the float chamber I mean
jet nozzle squeezes out
petrol well pours it shorter when
gas released overflow went from behind this
we have the previous video and with the pipe graduated
when gas is released
that is, you put it off the air
everything is normal normal transmission
switched again gazku gave went there what
did there a power economizer
Modes once drilled jet so
normal and ekonostat drilled
there are two times some results that he
it turns out without airflow was atmospheric
pressure to the sea she decided not to
rises in a mine one he works
like a normal carburetor that is to say consumption
there how many 10 meters 80
my already sneaker clicked there already flowed
all as ours now shorter tidy up
Troch we ride picked up the speedometer
tachometer on tachometer on dual circuit
ignition systems knowledgeable people said
what to do through two diodes
when 213 states and they were hooked up
The tachometer then works and the machine starts
kink
But it will understand that the resistor
it will be clear that not some
trifle but basically everything is looking
a continuation